DXX-REBIRTH LICENSE
====================
The original Descent source release is copyright by Parallax and subject 
to the Parallax license below.  Contributions from the D1X/D2X ("DXX") 
and D1X-Rebirth/D2X-Rebirth ("Rebirth") projects are copyright their 
respective contributors.  The DXX and Rebirth contributors grant you 
permission to convey their work, with or without modifications, pursuant 
to the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 3 ("GPLv3").  As 
a special exception, in recognition of the restrictions imposed by the 
original Parallax license, you are excused from GPLv3 requirements that 
conflict with the restrictions of the original Parallax license, but 
only to the extent that such excuse is required to prevent a conflict 
between the terms of the original Parallax license and the GNU General 
Public License v3.  This special exception is an "Additional permission" 
as defined by section 7 of the GNU General Public License v3.  All 
provisions of the GPLv3 that can be satisfied without violating the 
original Parallax license must be satisfied to the greatest extent 
possible without violating the original Parallax license.  Failure to 
satisfy any non-excused GPLv3 provision is expressly prohibited under 
this license, and is therefore void and is handled pursuant to GPLv3 
section 8 "Termination.", exactly as would occur for a non-permitted 
propagation or modification of a GPLv3 covered work that had no special 
exceptions.

For purposes of this document, "copyright by Parallax" shall include any 
subsequent entities to which some or all of the Parallax copyrights were 
transferred, without regard to how the transfer occurred.  In the event 
that you are permitted to convey the material originally copyright by 
Parallax under terms other than the original Parallax license below, 
whether due to a general relicensing by the appropriate copyright 
holders, due to special permission from the appropriate copyright 
holders, or any other circumstance, the contributions from the DXX and 
Rebirth projects remain subject to the GNU General Public License, 
version 3.  The special exception described in the preceding paragraph 
excuses only conflicts with the original Parallax license.  If a 
subsequent license to the Parallax work conflicts with the GPLv3 in any 
way that the original Parallax license did not conflict, then such new 
conflicts are not excused.  As detailed in GPLv3 section 12 "No 
Surrender of Others' Freedom.", if you cannot simultaneously satisfy the 
non-excused terms of the GPLv3 and all other conditions imposed on you, 
then you may not convey the GPLv3 covered work at all.

Additionally, if you are permitted to convey the material originally 
copyright by Parallax under terms other than the original Parallax 
license, and such new permission allows you to comply with the GPLv3 to 
a greater extent than the original Parallax license allowed, and you 
convey the covered work or a portion thereof, then such conveyance must 
comply with all GPLv3 terms which can be satisfied without violating the 
permission under which you convey the material originally copyright by 
Parallax.


See GPL-3.txt for further details on the GPLv3.
For project history and its contributors, please visit the 
DXX-Rebirth GIT repository at https://github.com/dxx-rebirth/dxx-rebirth/



PARALLAX LICENSE
================
THE COMPUTER CODE CONTAINED HEREIN IS THE SOLE PROPERTY OF PARALLAX
SOFTWARE CORPORATION ("PARALLAX").  PARALLAX, IN DISTRIBUTING THE CODE TO
END-USERS, AND SUBJECT TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN, GRANTS A
ROYALTY-FREE, PERPETUAL LICENSE TO SUCH END-USERS FOR USE BY SUCH END-USERS
IN USING, DISPLAYING,  AND CREATING DERIVATIVE WORKS THEREOF, SO LONG AS
SUCH USE, DISPLAY OR CREATION IS FOR NON-COMMERCIAL, ROYALTY OR REVENUE
FREE PURPOSES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE END-USER USE THE COMPUTER CODE
CONTAINED HEREIN FOR REVENUE-BEARING PURPOSES.  THE END-USER UNDERSTANDS
AND AGREES TO THE TERMS HEREIN AND ACCEPTS THE SAME BY USE OF THIS FILE.
COPYRIGHT 1993-1998 PARALLAX SOFTWARE CORPORATION.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

We make no warranties as to the usability or correctness of this code.