Note: There are multiple End User License Agreements in this document. Please read to the end:

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.
Do not copy, install, distribute, publicly display, or use the Materials (as
defined below) provided under this license agreement ("Agreement") until you
("You" or "Your") have carefully read and agreed to the following terms and
conditions.

This Agreement forms a legally binding contract between You and Intel
Corporation ("Intel") regarding Your use of the Materials.  By copying,
installing, distributing, publicly displaying, or otherwise using the Materials,
You agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If You do not agree to
the terms of this Agreement, do not copy, install, distribute, publicly display,
or use the Materials.

If You are agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of a
company or other legal entity, You represent and warrant that You have the legal
authority to bind that legal entity to the Agreement, in which case, "You" or
"Your" will mean such entity.

Third Party Programs (as defined below), even if included with the distribution
of the Materials, are governed by separate third party license terms, including
without limitation, open source software license terms. Such third party license
terms (and not this Agreement) govern Your use of the Third Party Programs, and
Intel is not liable for the Third Party Programs.

End User License Agreement for the Intel(R) Software Development Products
(Version May 2018)

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND THE USE OF YOUR DATA -
PLEASE READ AND AGREE BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING

This Agreement forms a legally binding contract between you, or the company or
other legal entity ("Legal Entity") for which you represent and warrant that you
have the legal authority to bind that Legal Entity, (each, "You" or "Your") and
Intel Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively "Intel") regarding Your use
of the Materials. By copying, installing, distributing, publicly displaying, or
otherwise using the Materials, You agree to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not copy,
install, distribute, publicly display, or use the Materials. You affirm that You
are 18 years old or older or, if not, Your parent, legal guardian or Legal
Entity must agree and enter into this Agreement.

1. LICENSE DEFINITIONS.

 A. "Confidential Information" means all Materials (as defined below),
    including any portions thereof, that are identified (in the product release
    notes, on Intel's download website for the Materials or elsewhere) or
    labeled as Intel confidential information or a similar legend.

 B. "Excluded License" means a license that requires, as a condition of use,
    modification, or distribution, that the licensed software or other software
    incorporated into, derived from or distributed with such software (a) be
    disclosed or distributed in Source Code form; (b) be licensed by the user to
    third parties for the purpose of making and/or distributing derivative
    works; or (c) be redistributable at no charge. Excluded Licenses include,
    without limitation, licenses that license or distribute software under any
    of the following licenses or distribution models, or licenses or
    distribution models substantially similar to any of the following: (a) GNU's
    General Public License (GPL) or Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL), (b) the Artistic
    License (e.g., PERL), (c) the Mozilla Public License, (d) the Netscape
    Public License, (e) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL), (f) the Sun
    Industry Source License (SISL), and (g) the Common Public License (CPL).

 C. "Licensed Patent Claims" mean the claims of Intel's patents that are
    necessarily and directly infringed by the reproduction and distribution of
    the Materials that is authorized in Section 2 below, when the Materials are
    in their unmodified form as delivered by Intel to You and not modified or
    combined with anything else. Licensed Patent Claims are only those claims
    that Intel can license without paying, or getting the consent of, a third
    party.

 D. "Materials" mean the software, documentation, the software product serial
    number, and other materials, including any modifications, updates and
    upgrades thereto, that are provided to You under this Agreement. Materials
    also include any Redistributables, Source Code, and Pre-Release Materials,
    as defined below, but do not include Third Party Programs.

 E. "Microsoft Platforms" mean any current and future Microsoft operating
    system products, Microsoft run-time technologies (such as the .NET
    Framework), and Microsoft application platforms (such as Microsoft Office or
    Microsoft Dynamics) that Microsoft offers.

 F. "Pre-Release Materials" mean the Materials, or portions thereof, that are
    identified (in the product release notes, on Intel's download website for
    the Materials or elsewhere) or labeled as pre-release, prototype, alpha or
    beta code and as such the Pre-Release Materials are deemed to be pre-release
    code not suitable for commercial release, which may not be fully functional
    or tested and may contain bugs or errors, which Intel may substantially
    modify in its development of a  commercial version, and for which Intel
    makes no assurances that it will ever develop or make generally available a
    commercial version.

 G. "Redistributables" mean the files (if any) listed in the "redist.txt",
    "redist-rt.txt" or similarly-named text files that may be included in the
    Materials for the applicable "Intel Software Development Product."

 H. "Sample Source Code" means those portions of the Materials that are
    Source Code files and are identified as sample source code.

 I. "Source Code" means the software (and not documentation or text) portion
    of the Materials provided in human readable format, and includes
    modifications to the Source Code that You make or are made on Your behalf as
    expressly permitted under the terms of this Agreement.

 J. "Third Party Programs" mean the files (if any) listed in the
    "third-party-programs.txt" text file that may be included in the Materials
    for the applicable software.

 K. "Your Product" means one or more commercial applications or products
    developed by or for You using the Materials.

 L. "Your Project" means one or more noncommercial applications, which may
    include open source applications, developed by or for You using the
    Materials.

2. LICENSE GRANTS.

2.1 License for Commercial License Types. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, including the applicable license type use restrictions in
Section 3.1 and other restrictions in Section 4 below, and timely payment of any
fees (if applicable), Intel grants You a non-exclusive, worldwide,
non-assignable (except as expressly permitted hereunder), limited right and
license for the term You obtained pursuant to Section 3:

 A. under its copyrights, to:

  (1) reproduce internally a reasonable number of copies of the Materials
      for Your internal business use in accordance with the documentation or
      text files included as part of the Materials; provided, however, that this
      license does not include the right to sublicense and may only be exercised
      by You or Your employees;

  (2) use the Materials solely for Your internal business use to develop
      Your Product, in accordance with the documentation or text files included
      as part of the Materials, provided, however, that this license does not
      include the right to sublicense and may only be exercised by You or Your
      employees;

  (3) modify or create derivative works of the Materials, or any portions
      thereof, that are provided in Source Code form, provided, however, that
      this license does not include the right to sublicense and may be exercised
      only by You or Your employees;

  (4) publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute (directly and
      through Your distributors, resellers and other channel partners) or
      otherwise make publicly available the Redistributables, including any
      modifications to or derivative works of the Redistributables made pursuant
      to Section 2.1.A(3), or any portions thereof, subject to the following
      restrictions:

      (a) any distribution of the Redistributables must only be as part of
          Your Product which must add significantly more functionality than the
          Redistributables themselves;

      (b) any additional restrictions which may appear in the
          Redistributables text files specified in Section 1.G above and in
          Section 4 below; and

      (c) the license under Section 2.1.A(4) includes the right to
          sublicense the Redistributables, but the sublicense rights are limited
          only to the sublicensing of any Intel copyrights in the
          Redistributables and only to the extent necessary to perform, display,
          and distribute the Redistributables (including Your modifications and
          derivative works thereto) solely as incorporated in Your Product.

      (d) You (i) will be solely responsible to Your customers for any
          update, support obligation or other liability which may arise from
          Your distribution of Your Product, (ii) will not make any statement
          that Your Product is "certified" or that its performance is guaranteed
          by Intel, (iii) will not use Intel's name or trademarks to market Your
          Product without written permission from Intel, (iv) will provide the
          Redistributables subject to a license agreement that prohibits
          disassembly and reverse engineering of the Redistributables except in
          cases where You provide Your Product subject to an open source license
          that is not an Excluded License, (e.g., the BSD license or the MIT
          license), (v) will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Intel and its
          suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits, including
          attorney's fees, that arise or result from Your modifications,
          derivative works or Your distribution of Your Product.

    and

 B. under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims, to:

  (1) make copies of the Materials only as specified in Section 2.1.A(1);

  (2) use the Materials only as specified in Section 2.1.A(2); and

  (3) offer to distribute, and distribute, but not sell, the Redistributables
      only as part of Your Product, under Intel's copyright license granted in
      Section 2.1(A), but only under the terms of that copyright license and not
      as a sale (but this right does not include the right to sub-license);

    And, provided further, that the license under the Licensed Patent Claims
    does not and will not apply to, and Intel does not expressly grant You a
    patent license in this Agreement to, any modifications to, or derivative
    works of, the Materials, whether made by You, Your contractor, Your customer
    (which, for all purposes under this Agreement, will mean either a customer,
    reseller, distributor or other channel partner), or any third party even if
    the modification and derivative works are permitted under 2.1.A(3).

2.2 License for Noncommercial License Types. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, including the applicable license type use restrictions in
Section 3.2 and other restrictions in Section 4 below, and timely payment of any
fees (if applicable), Intel grants You a non-exclusive, worldwide,
non-assignable, limited right and license for the term You obtained pursuant to
Section 3, and under its copyrights, to:

 A. reproduce a reasonable number of copies of the Materials internally and
    use the Materials solely for Your internal evaluation, business or personal
    use in accordance with the documentation or text files included as part of
    the Materials, and for no commercial uses whatsoever; provided, however,
    that this license does not include the right to sublicense and may only be
    exercised by You or Your employees (if any);

 B. modify or create derivative works of the Materials, or any portions
    thereof, that are provided in Source Code form, provided, however, that this
    license does not include a right to redistribute the modifications or
    derivative works of the Materials, or the right to sublicense and may be
    exercised only by You or Your employees (if any);

 C. except for an evaluation license type, publicly perform, publicly
    display, and distribute or otherwise make publicly available the
    Redistributables, including any modifications to or derivative works of the
    Redistributables made pursuant to Section 2.2.B, or any portions thereof
    only for noncommercial uses, subject to the following restrictions:

  (1) any distribution of the Redistributables must only be as part of Your
      Project which must add significantly more functionality than the
      Redistributables themselves;

  (2) any additional restrictions which may appear in the Redistributables
      text files specified in Section 1.G above and in Section 4 below; and

  (3) the license under Section 2.2.C includes the right to sublicense the
      Redistributables, but the sublicense rights are limited only to the
      sublicensing of any Intel copyrights in the Redistributables and only to
      the extent necessary to perform, display, and distribute the
      Redistributables (including Your modifications and derivative works
      thereto) solely as incorporated in Your Project.

  (4) You (i) will be solely responsible for any update, support obligation
      or other liability which may arise from Your distribution of Your Project,
      (ii) will not make any statement that Your Project is "certified" or that
      its performance is guaranteed by Intel, (iii) will not use Intel's name or
      trademarks in connection with Your Project without written permission from
      Intel, (iv) will provide the Redistributables subject to a license
      agreement that prohibits disassembly and reverse engineering of the
      Redistributables except in cases where You provide Your Project subject to
      an open source license that is not an Excluded License (e.g., the BSD
      license or the MIT license), (v) will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend
      Intel and its suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits, including
      attorney's fees, that arise or result from Your modifications, derivative
      works or Your distribution of Your Project.

2.3 Third Party Programs and Other Intel Programs Licenses. Third Party
Programs, even if included with the distribution of the Materials, are governed
by separate license terms, including without limitation, third party license
terms, other Intel software license terms, and open source software license
terms. Such separate license terms (and not this Agreement) solely govern Your
use of the Third Party Programs.

3. LICENSE USE TYPES.

3.1 Commercial License Types. Commercial license types are provided under the
terms of the license set forth in Section 2.1.

 A. Single Named-User License. If You obtain the Materials under a single
    named-user license type, You may install the Materials on no more than three
    (3) computers for use by a single user, provided that same user is using the
    Materials only on one (1) computer at a time, subject to their compliance
    with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  You may obtain
    either a perpetual or time limited license. If You obtain a single
    named-user license type that is also time limited, the term of Your license
    is specified on Intel's download website, in the applicable documentation or
    controlled by the serial number for the Materials.

 B. Floating License. If You obtain the Materials under a floating license
    type, You may (a) install the Materials on an unlimited number of computers
    that are connected to the designated network and (b) use the Materials by no
    more than the authorized number of concurrent users, subject to their
    compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may
    obtain either a perpetual or time limited license. If You obtain a floating
    license type that is also time limited, the term of Your license is
    specified on Intel's download website, in the applicable documentation or
    controlled by the serial number for the Materials.

 C. Site License. If You obtain the Materials under a site license type
    (i.e., the Materials include the text file named
    "site_license_materials.txt"), the files specified in that text file may be
    installed on computer systems located only at a single site, and those files
    may be accessed or used by an unlimited number of concurrent users, subject
    to their compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
    This is a perpetual license.

 D. Community License. If You obtain the Materials under a community license
    type, You may install the Materials on no more than three (3) computers for
    use by a single user, provided that same user is using the Materials only on
    one (1) computer at a time, subject to their compliance with all of the
    terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Materials are provided under a
    time limited license as specified on Intel's download website, in the
    applicable documentation or controlled by the serial number for the
    Materials.

3.2 Noncommercial License Types. Noncommercial license types are provided under
the terms of the license set forth in Section 2.2.

 A. Evaluation License. If You obtain the Materials under an evaluation
    license type, You may install the Materials on no more than three (3)
    computers for use by a single user, provided that same user is using the
    Materials only on one (1) computer at a time, subject to their compliance
    with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may not
    distribute any portion of the Materials, and any application and/or product
    developed by You may only be used for evaluation purposes and only for the
    term of the evaluation. The Materials are provided under a time limited
    license as specified on Intel's download website, in the applicable
    documentation or controlled by the serial number for the Materials.

  1) Pre-Release Materials. If the Materials You receive are Pre-Release
     Materials, in addition to the license restrictions in Section 2.2 and the
     restrictions in 3.2.A above, (i) You may not modify or incorporate the
     Pre-Release Materials into any product You are developing; (ii) You may
     not continue to use the Pre-Release Materials if and once a commercial
     version is released; and (iii) You may not disclose to any third party any
     benchmarks, performance results, or other information relating to the
     Pre-Release Materials.

 B. Noncommercial Use License. If You obtain the Materials under a
    noncommercial use license type, You may install the Materials on an
    unlimited number of computers for use by a single user, provided that same
    user is using the Materials only on one (1) computer at a time, subject to
    their compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any
    work performed or produced as a result of use of the Materials cannot be
    performed or produced for the benefit of other parties, including but not
    limited to, for a fee, compensation or any other reimbursement or
    remuneration, or "not for profit." The Materials are provided under a time
    limited license as specified on Intel's download website, in the applicable
    documentation or controlled by the serial number for the Materials.

 C. Educational License. If You obtain the Materials under an educational
    license type, You must be a teacher, professor, or a student and You may
    only use the Materials for educational purposes. Any work performed or
    produced as a result of use of the Materials cannot be performed or produced
    for the benefit of other parties, including but not limited to, for a fee,
    compensation or any other reimbursement or remuneration, or "not for
    profit." The Materials are provided under a time limited license as
    specified on Intel's download website, in the applicable documentation or
    controlled by the serial number for the Materials. There are two educational
    license types as follows:

  1) Single Named-User Educational License. If You obtain the Materials
     under a single named-user educational license type, You may install the
     Materials on no more than three (3) computers for use by a single user,
     provided that same user is using the Materials only on one (1) computer at
     a time, subject to their compliance with all of the terms and conditions
     of this Agreement.

  2) Floating Educational License. If You obtain the Materials under a
     floating educational license type, You may install the Materials on an
     unlimited number of computers that are connected to a designated network
     and have no more than the authorized number of concurrent individual users
     use the Materials, subject to their compliance with all of the terms and
     conditions of this Agreement.

4. LICENSE CONDITIONS.

4.1 Restrictions. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, You may NOT:
(i) use, copy, distribute, or publicly display the Materials; (ii) rent or lease
the Materials to any third party; (iii) assign this Agreement or transfer the
Materials; (iv) modify, adapt, or translate the Materials in whole or in part;
(v) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Materials; (vi) attempt to
modify or tamper with the normal function of any license manager that may
regulate usage of the Materials; (vii) distribute, sublicense or transfer the
Source Code form of any components of the Materials or derivatives thereof to
any third party; (viii) distribute Redistributables except as part of a larger
program that adds significant primary functionality different from that of the
Redistributables; (ix) distribute the Redistributables to run on a platform
other than a Microsoft Platform if according to the accompanying user
documentation the Materials are meant to execute only on a Microsoft Platform;
(x) include the Redistributables in malicious, deceptive, or unlawful programs
or products; or (xi) modify, create a derivative work, link, or distribute the
Materials so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License.

4.2 Safety, Critical, and Lifesaving Applications. Safety is Your
responsibility. To the extent You use the Materials to create, or as part of,
products used in safety-critical applications designed to comply with functional
safety standards or requirements ("Safety-Critical Applications"), it is Your
responsibility to design, manage and assure system-level safeguards to
anticipate, monitor and control system failures, and You agree that You are
solely responsible for all applicable regulatory standards and safety-related
requirements concerning Your use of the Materials in Safety Critical
Applications. The Materials are also not designed, intended, or authorized for
use in any type of a system or application in which the failure of the Materials
could create a situation where personal injury or death may occur (e.g.,
medical systems, life sustaining or lifesaving systems) ("Lifesaving
Applications").  Should You use the Materials for Safety-Critical Applications
or Life-saving Applications, You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Intel and
its representatives harmless against all claims, costs, damages, and expenses,
including reasonable attorney fees arising in any way out of Your use of the
Materials in Safety-Critical Applications and claims of product liability,
personal injury or death associated with Lifesaving Applications; even if, for
either type of application, such claims alleges that Intel was negligent
regarding the design or manufacture of the Materials.

4.3 Third Party Contractor Use. If You are an entity with a license pursuant to
Section 3.1, Your contractors may use the Materials as specified in Section 2
above, provided: (i) their use of the Materials is solely on behalf of and in
support of Your business, (ii) they agree to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, and (iii) You are solely responsible for their use of the Materials.

4.4 Media Format Codecs and Digital Rights Management. You acknowledge and agree
that Your use of the Materials or distribution of the Materials with Your
Product or Your Project as permitted by this license may require You to procure
license(s) from one or more third parties that may hold intellectual property
rights applicable to any media decoding, encoding or transcoding technology
(such as, for example, through use of an audio or video codec) and/or digital
rights management capabilities of the Materials, if any.  Should any such
additional licenses be required, You are solely responsible for obtaining any
such licenses and agree to obtain any such licenses at Your own expense.

4.5 Materials Transfer. You may only permanently transfer the Materials you
received pursuant to a license type listed in Section 3.1 above, and all of Your
rights under this Agreement, to another party ("Recipient") solely in
conjunction with a change of ownership, merger, acquisition, sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of Your business or assets, either voluntarily, by
operation of law or otherwise subject to the following: You must notify Intel of
the transfer by sending a letter to Intel (i) identifying the legal entities of
Recipient and You, (ii) identifying the Materials (i.e., the specific Intel
software and version) and the associated serial numbers to be transferred, (iii)
certifying that You retain no copies of the Materials or portions thereof, (iv)
certifying that the Recipient has agreed in writing to be bound by all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, (v) certifying that the Recipient has
been notified that in order to receive support from Intel for the Materials they
must notify Intel in writing of the transfer and provide Intel with the
information specified in subsection (ii) above along with the name and email
address of the individual assigned to use the Materials, and (vi) providing Your
email address so that Intel may confirm receipt of Your letter.  Please send
such letter to:

    Intel Corporation
    2111 NE 25th Avenue
    Hillsboro, OR 97124
    Attn: DPD Contracts Management, JF2-28

5. DATA COLLECTION AND PRIVACY.

5.1 Anonymous Data Collection by Materials. Certain Materials may generate and
collect anonymous data about the Materials and transmit it to Intel as a
one-time event during installation. This anonymous data collection may include,
but is not limited to, product name, product version, license type, support
type, and installation status. Anonymous data collection by the Materials does
not include: (a) any personal or personally identifiable data of You, an end
user or a data subject; (b) data or information identifying a business entity;
or (c) data or information about non-Intel software. The purpose of the
anonymous data collection by the Materials is to enable Intel to develop,
improve, and support Intel's products and services.

5.2 Provisioning Data Collection. Provisioning data may be collected and
transmitted to Intel as a one-time event during installation in order to
activate the Materials.  This collection may be mandatory and a condition of
using the Materials in order to verify the right to use the Materials.
Provisioning data includes the Material's unique serial number and it may be
combined with other information about the Materials and Your computer.
Provisioning data is not shared with or disclosed to parties outside of Intel.
Intel may retain the provisioning data indefinitely.

5.3 Other Data Collection.

 A. Collection of Registration Data. Some Materials may require registration
    of the Materials with Intel during installation. The information currently
    collected during registration is Your first name, Your last name, Your
    email, Your company, and Your country. The registration information is
    subject to change, however, You will be notified at the time of registration
    what information will be collected, why it is being collected, how long it
    will be retained by Intel, and how to have Your registration information
    removed from Intel's registration database if You so choose to do so at a
    later date.

 B. Optional Collection of Analytical Data. You may be given the option
    during installation of the Materials to consent to the collection of
    analytical data. Analytical data may include technical information about
    Your software installation and runtime status (such as installation metrics,
    serial number, counters, flags, and timestamps), and Your development
    environment (such as operating system, CPU architecture, and other Intel
    products installed). You will be notified at the time of installation what
    analytical data will be collected if You agree to such collection, why it is
    being collected, how long it will be retained by Intel, and how to stop the
    collection of analytical data if You so choose to do so at a later date.

 C. Required Collection of Analytical Data. For certain Materials, the
    collection of analytical data as described in Section 4.3 B may be a
    requirement of use. In these cases, You will be given notice and the option
    to cancel the download or installation of the Materials if you do not wish
    to consent to the collection of analytical data.

5.4 Intel's Privacy Notice. Intel is committed to respecting Your privacy. To
learn more about Intel's privacy practices, please visit
http://www.intel.com/privacy.

6. OWNERSHIP. Title to the Materials and all copies thereof remain with Intel or
its suppliers.  The Materials are protected by intellectual property rights,
including without limitation, United States copyright laws and international
treaty provisions.  You will not remove any copyright or other proprietary
notice from the Materials.  You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the
Materials.  Except as expressly provided herein, no license or right is granted
to You directly or by implication, inducement, estoppel or otherwise;
specifically Intel does not grant any express or implied right to You under
Intel patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets.

7. NO WARRANTY AND NO SUPPORT. Disclaimer. Intel disclaims all warranties of any
kind and the terms and remedies provided in this Agreement are instead of any
other warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory, including those
regarding merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement
or any warranty arising out of any course of dealing, usage of trade, proposal,
specification or sample.  Intel does not assume (and does not authorize any
person to assume on its behalf) any other liability.

Intel may make changes to the Materials, or to items referenced therein, at any
time without notice, but is not obligated to support, update or provide training
for the Materials under the terms of this Agreement. Intel may in its sole
discretion offer such support, updates or training services under separate terms
at Intel's then-current rates. You may request additional information on Intel's
service offerings from an Intel representative.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Use of the Materials are at Licensee's own risk.  In
no event will Intel or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, consequential, special, or other losses or damages arising out of or
related to this Agreement or Licensee's use of the Materials, including without
limitation, any of the following losses or damages (whether such losses or
damages were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise):  (i) loss of revenue;
(ii) loss of actual or anticipated profits; (iii) loss of the use of money; (iv)
loss of anticipated savings; (v) loss of business; (vi) loss of opportunity;
(vii) loss of goodwill; (viii) loss of use of the Software; (ix) loss of
reputation; (x) loss of, damage to, or corruption of data; or (xi) any indirect,
incidental special or consequential loss of damage however caused (including
loss or damage of the type specified in this Section 6).

9. USER SUBMISSIONS. This Agreement does not obligate You to provide Intel with
materials, information, comments, suggestions or other communication regarding
the Materials.  However, You agree that any material, information, comments,
suggestions or other communication You transmit or post to an Intel website
(including but not limited to, submissions to the Intel Premier Support and/or
other customer support websites or online portals) or provide to Intel under
this Agreement are not controlled by the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulation (EAR), and if related
to the features, functions, performance or use of the Materials are deemed
non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications").  Intel will have no
obligations with respect to the Communications.  You hereby grant to Intel a
non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, copyright license to copy,
modify, create derivative works, publicly display, disclose, distribute, license
and sublicense through multiple tiers of distribution and licensees, incorporate
and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and
other things embodied therein, including derivative works thereto, for any and
all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or
transmitting to or from an Intel website or provide to Intel any unlawful,
threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that
would violate any law.  If You wish to provide Intel with information that You
intend to be treated as confidential information, Intel requires that such
confidential information be provided pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement
("NDA"), so please contact Your Intel representative to ensure the proper NDA is
in place.

Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as preventing Intel from reviewing
Your Communications and errors or defects in Intel products discovered while
reviewing Your Communications. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement will be
construed as preventing Intel from implementing independently-developed
enhancements to Intel's own error diagnosis methodology to detect errors or
defects in Intel products discovered while reviewing Your Communications or to
implement bug fixes or enhancements in Intel products. The foregoing may include
the right to include Your Communications in regression test suites.

10. NON-DISCLOSURE. The following provisions will apply if there is no existing
non-disclosure agreement between You and Intel. The Materials are the
Confidential Information of Intel. You will maintain the confidentiality of
Intel's Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that You
use to protect Your own confidential and proprietary information, but no less
than a reasonable degree of care under the circumstances.  You will only
disclose the Confidential Information to Your employees who have a need to know
and who agree to abide by nondisclosure terms at least as comprehensive as those
set forth herein; provided that You will be liable for breach by any such
employee.  For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "employee" will include
Your independent contractors, who have signed confidentiality agreements with
You. You will not make any copies of the Confidential Information except as
necessary for Your employees with a need to know.  Any copies which are made
will be identified as belonging to Intel and marked "confidential",
"proprietary" or with similar legend.  You will not be liable for the disclosure
of any Confidential Information which is (a) generally made available publicly
or to third parties by Intel without restriction on disclosure; (b) rightfully
received from a third party without obligation of confidentiality; (c)
rightfully known to You without any limitation on disclosure prior to Your
receipt from Intel; (d) independently developed by Your employees; or (e)
required to be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, court,
judicial or other government order, provided that You will give Intel reasonable
notice prior to such disclosure and will comply with any applicable protective
order.

11. TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE. This Agreement becomes effective on the date
You accept this Agreement and will continue until terminated as provided for in
this Agreement. If You are using the Materials under a time-limited license, for
example an Evaluation License, this Agreement terminates without notice on the
last day of the time period, which is specified in the Materials or on Intel's
website, and/or controlled by the serial number for the Materials. Intel may
terminate this license immediately if You are in breach of any of its terms and
conditions and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of written
notice from Intel. Upon termination, You will immediately return to Intel or
destroy the Materials and all copies thereof. In the event of termination of
this Agreement, the license grant to any Materials or Redistributables
distributed by You in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, prior to the effective date of such termination, will survive any
such termination of this Agreement. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, and
13 will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

12. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The technical data and computer software
covered by this license is a "Commercial Item," as such term is defined by the
FAR 2.101 (48 C.F.R. 2.101) and is "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation" as specified under FAR 12.212 (48
C.F.R. 12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 227.7202), as applicable. This
commercial computer software and related documentation is provided to end users
for use by and on behalf of the U.S. Government, with only those rights as are
granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Use
for or on behalf of the U.S. Government is permitted only if the party acquiring
or using this software is properly authorized by an appropriate U.S. Government
official. This use by or for the U.S. Government clause is in lieu of, and
supersedes, any other FAR, DFARS, or other provision that addresses Government
rights in the computer software or documentation covered by this license.  All
copyright licenses granted to the U.S. Government are coextensive with the
technical data and computer software licenses granted herein. The U.S.
Government will only have the right to reproduce, distribute, perform, display,
and prepare derivative works as needed to implement those rights.

13. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

13.1 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the complete and exclusive
agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of
this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous proposals,
agreements, understanding, negotiations, representations, warranties,
conditions, and communications, oral or written, between the parties relating to
the same subject matter. This Agreement, including without limitation its
termination, has no effect on any signed non-disclosure agreements between the
parties, which remain in full force and effect as separate agreements to their
terms. Each party acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement
it has not relied on, and will not be entitled to rely on, any oral or written
representations, warranties, conditions, understanding, or communications
between the parties that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The
express provisions of this Agreement control over any course of performance,
course of dealing, or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the provisions
of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement will prevail notwithstanding
any different, conflicting, or additional provisions that may appear on any
purchase order, acknowledgement, invoice, or other writing issued by either
party in connection with this Agreement. No modification or amendment to this
Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by authorized
representatives of each party, and must specifically identify this Agreement by
its title and version (e.g., "End User License Agreement for the Intel(R)
Software (Version May 2018)); except that Intel may make changes to the
Agreement as it distributes new versions of the Materials. When these changes
are made, Intel will make a new version of the Agreement available on its
website: https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/end-user-license-agreement.
If You received a copy of this Agreement translated into another language, the
English language version of this Agreement will prevail in the event of any
conflict between versions.

13.2 EXPORT. You acknowledge that the Materials and all related technical
information are subject to export controls under the laws and regulations of the
United States and any other applicable governments. You agree to comply with
these laws and regulations governing export, re-export, import, transfer,
distribution, and use of the Materials. In particular, but without limitation,
the Materials may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed
countries or (b) to any person or entity listed on a denial order published by
the U.S. government or any other applicable governments. By using the Materials,
You represent and warrant that You are not located in any such country or on any
such list. You also agree that You will not use the Materials for any purposes
prohibited by the U.S. government or other applicable governments, including,
without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of
nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons. You confirm that the Materials
will not be re-exported or sold to a third party who is known or suspected to be
involved in activities including, without limitation, the development, design,
manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons.

13.3 GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, AND VENUE. All disputes arising out of or
related to this Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, or any other legal
or equitable theory, will in all respects be governed by, and construed and
interpreted under, the laws of the United States of America and the State of
Delaware, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The parties agree
that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods (1980) is specifically excluded from and will not apply to this Agreement.
All disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement, whether based on
contract, tort, or any other legal or equitable theory, will be subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware or of the Federal
courts sitting in that State. Each party submits to the personal jurisdiction of
those courts and waives all objections to that jurisdiction and venue for those
disputes.

13.4 SEVERABILITY. The parties intend that if a court holds that any provision
or part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the
court will modify the provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid
and enforceable, or if it cannot be made valid and enforceable, the parties
intend that the court will sever and delete the provision or part from this
Agreement. Any change to or deletion of a provision or part of this Agreement
under this Section will not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remainder of this Agreement, which will continue in full force and effect.

* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others





Common Public License Version 1.0

THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS COMMON
PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF
THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Contribution" means:

  a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and
     documentation distributed under this Agreement, and

  b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:
     i)  changes to the Program, and
     ii) additions to the Program; where such changes and/or additions
         to the Program originate from and are distributed by that
         particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a
         Contributor if it was added to the Program by such
         Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's
         behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program
         which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in
         conjunction with the Program under their own license
         agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.

"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.

"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor
which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution
alone or when combined with the Program.

"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this
Agreement.

"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this
Agreement, including all Contributors.

2. GRANT OF RIGHTS

  a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
     grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
     copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
     publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the
     Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative
     works, in source code and object code form.

  b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
     grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent
     license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell,
     import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such
     Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This
     patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution
     and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the
     Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such
     combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent
     license shall not apply to any other combinations which include
     the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.

  c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the
     licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are
     provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe
     the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other
     entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for
     claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of
     intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to
     exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each
     Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other
     intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a
     third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to
     distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to
     acquire that license before distributing the Program.

  d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has
     sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant
     the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.

3. REQUIREMENTS

A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form
under its own license agreement, provided that:

  a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

  b) its license agreement:
     i)  effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all
         warranties and conditions, express and implied, including
         warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and
         implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and
         fitness for a particular purpose;
     ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all
         liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special,
         incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;
     iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement
         are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other
         party; and
     iv) states that source code for the Program is available from
         such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a
         reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for
         software exchange.

When the Program is made available in source code form:

  a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and

  b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the
     Program.  Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright
     notices contained within the Program.

Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its
Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent
Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.

4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION

Commercial distributors of software may accept certain
responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the
like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use
of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a
commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not
create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a
Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering,
such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend
and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor")
against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising
from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party
against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts
or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its
distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The
obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses
relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property
infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must:

  a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such
     claim, and

  b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with
     the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related
     settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may
     participate in any such claim at its own expense.

For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial
product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial
Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance
claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance
claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility
alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to
defend claims against the other Contributors related to those
performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other
Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor
must pay those damages.

5. NO WARRANTY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and
distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its
exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to
the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable
laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and
unavailability or interruption of operations.

6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR
ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED
HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. GENERAL

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further
action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the
minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and
enforceable.

If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with
respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that
Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as
of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, if Recipient
institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a
cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program
itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or
hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's
rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it
fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this
Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of
time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's
rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use
and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably
practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and
any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall
continue and survive.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement,
but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and
may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward
reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of
this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement
Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. IBM is the initial
Agreement Steward. IBM may assign the responsibility to serve as the
Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of
the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The
Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to
the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition,
after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may
elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under
the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b)
above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual
property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly,
by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not
expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and
the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No
party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement
more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives
its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.


protobuf

BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
Copyright 2008 Google Inc. All rights reserved.
	Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
	modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
	met:
	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
	notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
	copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
	in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
	distribution.
	* Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
	contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
	this software without specific prior written permission.

	THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
	"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
	LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
	A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
	OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
	SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
	LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
	DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
	THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
	(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
	OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

	Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner
	of the input file used when generating it. This code is not
	standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it. This
	support library is itself covered by the above license.


Instrumentation and Tracing Technology (ITT) Notify User API

BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
Copyright (c) 2015, Intel Corporation
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
	Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
	Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
	Neither the name of the Intel Corporation nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Intel® Threading Building Blocks (Intel® TBB); Khronos Group OpenCL Registry; Khronos Group SPIRV-Tools; Khronos Group EGL Headers; Khronos Group OpenGL Registry

Apache License
	                           Version 2.0, January 2004
	                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/


	   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION


	   1. Definitions.


	      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
	      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.


	      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
	      the copyright owner that is granting the License.


	      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
	      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
	      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
	      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
	      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
	      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
	      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.


	      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
	      exercising permissions granted by this License.


	      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
	      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
	      source, and configuration files.


	      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
	      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
	      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
	      and conversions to other media types.


	      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
	      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
	      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
	      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).


	      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
	      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
	      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
	      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
	      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
	      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
	      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.


	      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
	      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
	      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
	      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
	      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
	      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
	      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
	      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
	      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
	      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
	      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
	      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
	      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."


	      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
	      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
	      subsequently incorporated within the Work.


	   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
	      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
	      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
	      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
	      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
	      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.


	   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
	      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
	      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
	      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
	      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
	      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
	      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
	      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
	      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
	      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
	      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
	      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
	      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
	      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
	      as of the date such litigation is filed.


	   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
	      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
	      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
	      meet the following conditions:


	      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
	          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and


	      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
	          stating that You changed the files; and


	      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
	          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
	          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
	          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
	          the Derivative Works; and


	      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
	          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
	          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
	          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
	          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
	          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
	          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
	          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
	          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
	          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
	          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
	          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
	          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
	          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
	          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
	          as modifying the License.


	      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
	      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
	      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
	      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
	      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
	      the conditions stated in this License.


	   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
	      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
	      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
	      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
	      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
	      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
	      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.


	   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
	      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
	      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
	      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.


	   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
	      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
	      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
	      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
	      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
	      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
	      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
	      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.


	   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
	      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
	      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
	      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
	      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
	      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
	      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
	      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
	      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
	      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
	      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.


	   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
	      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
	      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
	      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
	      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
	      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
	      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
	      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
	      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
	      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.


	   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS


	   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.


	      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
	      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
	      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
	      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
	      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
	      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
	      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
	      identification within third-party archives.


	   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]


	   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
	   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
	   You may obtain a copy of the License at


	       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0


	   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
	   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
	   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
	   limitations under the License.


Khronos Group SPIRV-Headers; Khronos Group OpenCL

Khronos License (modified MIT License)
Copyright (c) 2015-2018 The Khronos Group Inc.

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
	copy of this software and/or associated documentation files (the
	"Materials"), to deal in the Materials without restriction, including
	without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
	distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Materials, and to
	permit persons to whom the Materials are furnished to do so, subject to
	the following conditions:


	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
	in all copies or substantial portions of the Materials.


	MODIFICATIONS TO THIS FILE MAY MEAN IT NO LONGER ACCURATELY REFLECTS
	KHRONOS STANDARDS. THE UNMODIFIED, NORMATIVE VERSIONS OF KHRONOS
	SPECIFICATIONS AND HEADER INFORMATION ARE LOCATED AT
	   https://www.khronos.org/registry/


	THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
	EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
	MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
	IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
	CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
	TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
	MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE MATERIALS.


Khronos Group SPIRV-LLVM; Khronos Group SPIRV-LLVM-Translator; LLVM; CLANG

==============================================================================
LLVM Release License
==============================================================================
University of Illinois/NCSA
Open Source License

Copyright (c) 2003-2017 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
All rights reserved.

Developed by:

    LLVM Team

    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

    http://llvm.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
      prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.

==============================================================================
Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with LLVM:
==============================================================================
The LLVM software contains code written by third parties.  Such software will
have its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears.
This file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply
to that code.

The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License
applies to all code in the LLVM Distribution, and nothing in any of the
other licenses gives permission to use the names of the LLVM Team or the
University of Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this
Software.

The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights,
licenses, and/or restrictions:

Program             Directory
-------             ---------
Autoconf            llvm/autoconf
                    llvm/projects/ModuleMaker/autoconf
Google Test         llvm/utils/unittest/googletest
OpenBSD regex       llvm/lib/Support/{reg*, COPYRIGHT.regex}
pyyaml tests        llvm/test/YAMLParser/{*.data, LICENSE.TXT}
ARM contributions   llvm/lib/Target/ARM/LICENSE.TXT
md5 contributions   llvm/lib/Support/MD5.cpp llvm/include/llvm/Support/MD5.h


LLVM "compiler-rt" runtime libraries

Dual licensed under the MIT license and the UIUC License (a BSD-like license).
http://llvm.org/docs/DeveloperPolicy.html#license


This text file is the file (e.g., redist.txt, etc) specified in the accompanying
End User License Agreement for the Intel(R) Software Development Products
("Agreement"). All capitalized terms used but not defined in this text file have
the same meaning as specified in the Agreement.

The Redistributables files are listed below, and are subject to all of the terms
and conditions of the Agreement, including without limitation Section 2.1.A.(4).

Also included as Redistributables are executables and shared and static
libraries you create by linking your program with libraries provided by Intel as
part of the Materials for this product but which are not listed in this
redist.txt file ("Libraries"); provided that you do not redistribute those
Intel provided libraries or any other portion of those Intel provided libraries
in any other way.

YOU MAY NOT REDISTRIBUTE THESE MATERIALS UNDER AN EVALUATION LICENSE

################################################################################
###   Intel® CPU Runtime for OpenCL™ Applications 18.1
################################################################################

<installdir>//opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/licensing/DPD_EULA.txt
<installdir>//opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/licensing/Third_party_lic.txt
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/clbltfnshared.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/__ocl_svml_e9.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/__ocl_svml_h8.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/__ocl_svml_l9.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/__ocl_svml_z0.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/cl.cfg
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfne9.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfne9_img_cbk.o
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfne9_img_cbk.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnh8.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnh8_img_cbk.o
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnh8_img_cbk.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnl9.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnl9_img_cbk.o
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnl9_img_cbk.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnz0.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnz0_img_cbk.o
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/clbltfnz0_img_cbk.rtl
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libOclCpuBackEnd.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libOpenCL.so.1
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libOpenCL.so.2.0
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libcl_logger.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libclang_compiler.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libcommon_clang.18.1.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libcpu_device.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libintelocl.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libtask_executor.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libtbb.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libtbb.so.2
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libtbbmalloc.so
<installdir>/opencl_compilers_and_libraries_18.1.0.015/linux/compiler/lib/intel64_lin/libtbbmalloc.so.2

* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.
