SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PICO-8

This license agreement is between you, the end user, and Lexaloffle
Games LLP ("LEXALOFFLE GAMES"). The software licensed under this
agreement is PICO-8 ("THE SOFTWARE"), including all data files,
executables, documentation and design. By distributing, copying,
executing, or otherwise using THE SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by
the terms of this license agreement.

THE SOFTWARE is owned by LEXALOFFLE GAMES. LEXALOFFLE GAMES reserves the
exclusive copyright and all rights not expressly granted.

You may install and use THE SOFTWARE on any computers for which you are
the primary user. You may additionally install and use THE SOFTWARE
concurrently on any number of computers belonging to a single household
or educational organisation, including libraries, clubs, schools and
universities.

Unless express consent is granted by LEXALOFFLE GAMES, you may not
distribute all of or any part of THE SOFTWARE to any other party, create
derivative works based on THE SOFTWARE, or sell, resell, rent or lease
THE SOFTWARE.

EXPORTED CARTRIDGES

Files generated by exporting a cartridge with PICO-8 (Javascript, HTML,
executeables and data files) may be used for any purpose, including
commercial applications, and to alter them and redistribute them freely,
provided that permission to do so is also granted by the authors of the
cartridge.

DISCLAIMER

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LEXALOFFLE GAMES DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
LEXALOFFLE GAMES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO ANY LOSS OF PRODUCTIVITY, LOSS OF DATA, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LEXALOFFLE GAMES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.
